{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Description
\f1\b0 \
\
Today, the most common application of blockchains is cryptocurrencies. A cryptocurrency\'92s blockchain contains a list of transactions: everyone can see the transactions but no one is able to change them. In addition, no one can send a transaction as another person; this is possible using digital signatures. You have actually implemented all of this functionality in the previous stages.\
\
A miner who creates a new block should be awarded some virtual money, for example, 100 virtual coins. This can be remembered in the blockchain if the block stores information about the miner who created this block. Of course, this message also should be proved, so the miner adds this information to the blockchain before starting a search for a magic number.\
\
After that, a miner can spend these 100 virtual coins by giving them to someone else. In the real world, he can buy things and pay for them using these virtual coins instead of real money. These virtual coins go to the company that sells the things, and the company can pay salaries with these virtual coins. The circulation of these coins starts here and suddenly the virtual coins become more popular than real money!\
\
To check how many coins a person has, you need to check all of his transactions and all of the transactions to him, assuming that the person started with zero virtual coins. The transaction should be rejected when the person tries to spend more money than he has at the moment. Create a special method that returns how many coins the person has.\
\
In this stage, you need to implement transactions like this instead of text messages like in the previous stage. For testing reasons you can assume that everyone starts with 100 virtual coins, not 0. But as described above, all the money of the blockchain is initially awards for creating blocks of the blockchain.}