{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Description
\f1\b0 \
\
For now, we are mining blocks to create a blockchain, but just the blockchain itself is not particularly useful. The most useful information in the blockchain is the data that every block stores. The information can be anything. Let's create a simple chat based on the blockchain. If this blockchain works on the internet, it would be a world-wide chat. Everyone can add a line to this blockchain, but no one can edit it afterward. Every message would be visible to anyone.\
\
In this stage, you need to upgrade the blockchain. A block should contain messages that the blockchain received during the creation of the previous block. When the block was created, all new messages should become a part of the new block, and all the miners should start to search for a magic number for this block. New messages, which were sent after this moment, shouldn't be included in this new block. Don't forget about thread synchronization as there is a lot of shared data.\
You don't need any network connections as this is only a simulation of the blockchain. Use single blockchain and different clients that can send the message to the blockchain just invoking one method of the blockchain.\
So, the algorithm of adding messages is the following:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 		The first block doesn't contain any messages. Miners should find the magic number of this block.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 		During the search of the current block, the users can send the messages to the blockchain. The blockchain should keep them in a list until miners find a magic number and a new block would be created.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 		After the creation of the new block, all new messages that were sent during the creation should be included in the new block and deleted from the list.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 		After that, no more changes should be made to this block apart from the magic number. All new messages should be included in a list for the next block. The algorithm repeats from step 2.\
}