{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Description
\f1\b0 \
\
Blockchain has a simple interpretation: it's just a chain of blocks. It represents a sequence of data that you can't break in the middle; you can only append new data at the end of it. All the blocks in the blockchain are chained together.\
Check out\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBC-nXj3Ng4"}}{\fldrslt this great video about the blockchain}}. It uses a different approach to reach the final result of the project, which is cryptocurrencies, but it explains the blockchain pretty well.\
\
To be called a blockchain, every block must include the\'a0
\f0\b hash of the previous block
\f1\b0 . Other fields of the block are optional and can store various information. The hash of a block is\'a0
\f0\b a hash of all fields of a block
\f1\b0 . So, you can just create a string containing every element of a block and then get the hash of this string.\
\
Note that if you change one block in the middle, the hash of this block will also change. and the next block in the chain would no longer contain the hash of the previous block. Therefore, it\'92s easy to check that the chain is invalid.\
\
In the first stage, you need to implement such a blockchain. In addition to storing the hash of the previous block, every block should also have a unique identifier. The chain starts with a block whose id = 1. Also, every block should contain a timestamp representing the time the block was created. You can use the following code to get such a timestamp. This represents the number of milliseconds since 1 January 1970.\
long timeStamp = new Date().getTime(); // 1539795682545 represents 17.10.2018, 20:01:22.545 \
By the way, since the first block doesn't have a previous one, its hash of the previous block should be 0.\
The class Blockchain should have at least two methods: the first one generates a new block in the blockchain and the second one validates the blockchain and returns true if the blockchain is valid. Of course, the Blockchain should store all it's generated blocks. The validation function should validate all the blocks of this blockchain.\
Also, for hashing blocks, you need to choose a good cryptographic hash function that is impossible to reverse-engineer. Insecure hash functions allow hackers to change the information of the block so that the hash of the block stays the same, so the hash function must be secure. A good example of a secure hash function is SHA-256. You can use this implementation of the SHA-256 hashing:\
import java.security.MessageDigest;\
\
class StringUtil \{\
    /* Applies Sha256 to a string and returns a hash. */\
    public static String applySha256(String input)\{\
        try \{\
            MessageDigest digest = MessageDigest.getInstance("SHA-256");\
            /* Applies sha256 to our input */\
            byte[] hash = digest.digest(input.getBytes("UTF-8"));\
            StringBuilder hexString = new StringBuilder();\
            for (byte elem: hash) \{\
                String hex = Integer.toHexString(0xff & elem);\
                if(hex.length() == 1) hexString.append('0');\
                hexString.append(hex);\
            \}\
            return hexString.toString();\
        \}\
        catch(Exception e) \{\
            throw new RuntimeException(e);\
        \}\
    \}\
\}\
You should create 5 blocks in this stage. After the creation, validate the created blockchain using your validation method.\
}